tools_gradle_intellij_plugin.md: Contributing section (#790)
JetBrains/intellij-sdk-docs: topics/appendix/tools/tools_gradle_intellij_plugin.md

</tabs>

## Contributing
There are many ways to contribute to the Gradle IntelliJ Plugin project, and each of them is valuable to us.
Every submitted feedback, issue, or pull request is highly appreciated.

### Issue Tracker
The Gradle IntelliJ Plugin is an Open-Source project hosted on GitHub: [JetBrains/gradle-intellij-plugin](https://github.com/JetBrains/gradle-intellij-plugin).
All project sources, discussions, and issues are publicly available, as we rely on the [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/JetBrains/gradle-intellij-plugin/issues) to track any feature requests or reported problems.

> Before reporting an issue, please update your configuration to use always the [latest release](#usage), or try with the [snapshot release](#snapshot-release), which contains not-yet publicly available changes.

Reviewer: also suggest using latest Gradle version and/or upgrading development IDE version

If you find your problem unique, and it wasn't yet reported to us, [file an issue](https://github.com/JetBrains/gradle-intellij-plugin/issues/new) and provide as many details as possible, e.g.:
- issue description
- full stack trace
- steps to reproduce it
- plugin version you use
- your build configuration
- ideally, the minimal project will let us reproduce the issue locally.

### Building Project
If you want to run the Gradle IntelliJ Plugin directly from sources, i.e., to test it against the latest changes, debug the plugin, or verify your changes before creating a pull request, clone it from our GitHub repository:

> {style="narrow"}

Reviewer: why do we need to document this explicitly?

HTTPS
: https://github.com/JetBrains/gradle-intellij-plugin.git

SSH
: git@github.com:JetBrains/gradle-intellij-plugin.git

GitHub CLI
: gh repo clone JetBrains/gradle-intellij-plugin

> There are three possible ways to run the Gradle IntelliJ Plugin using its sources:

Reviewer 2: I think that after using a colon-ending sentence it should be a list or it should be just a regular sentence.

#### Run Integration Tests
The project provides Unit Tests and Integration Tests to verify if nothing is broken with the real-life project examples.
[Integration Tests](https://github.com/JetBrains/gradle-intellij-plugin/tree/master/integration-tests) provide various different test cases with a dedicated verification scenarios available in <path>verify.main.kts</path> files.
Read the [Gradle IntelliJ Plugin Integration Tests](https://github.com/JetBrains/gradle-intellij-plugin/tree/master/integration-tests) document to find more about this kind of test and find out how to create new scenarios.

#### Link With Your Project
It is possible to link your project with the Gradle IntelliJ Plugin project, so it'll be loaded and built as a module.
To integrate it with another consumer-like project, in the <path>settings.gradle.kts</path> file (or <path>settings.gradle</path> for Groovy), add the following line and refresh your Gradle configuration:

```kotlin
includeBuild("/path/to/gradle-intellij-plugin")
```

### Pull Requests
To correctly prepare the pull requests, make sure to provide the following information:

> - proper title and description of the GitHub Pull Request – describe what your change introduces, what issue does it fix

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- proper title and description of the GitHub Pull Request – describe what your change introduces, what issue it fixes, etc.
```
